Shawn ideas (#309)
w3c/wai-curricula: content/index.md

{% include box.html type="start" title="Summary" class="" %}
{:/}

> This resource provides teaching modules to help create courses on digital accessibility, or to include accessibility sections in other courses. These modules cover accessibility foundations that apply broadly, and specifics for developers, designers, and content authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource provides teaching modules to help create courses on digital accessibility, or to include accessibility sections in other courses. These modules cover accessibility foundations that apply broadly, and specifics for development, designing, and content authoring.
```

To reinforce the idea that these curricula address tasks and activities rather than just roles.

Author: I strongly agree!

> This resource provides teaching modules to help create courses on digital accessibility, or to include accessibility sections in other courses. These modules cover accessibility foundations that apply broadly, and specifics for development, designing, and content authoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource provides teaching modules to help create courses on digital accessibility, or to include accessibility sections in other courses. These modules cover accessibility foundations that apply broadly, and specifics to developing, designing, and content authoring.
```

## Overview

This curricula resource provides material for teaching accessibility, and for reviewing accessibility courses. You can use it to develop robust digital accessibility courses. You can use it to include shorter accessibility topics in other courses, such as programming or graphics design.

You can also use this resource to evaluate existing or proposed courses.

> This resource includes modules that cover accessibility foundations that apply broadly, and modules specific for developers, designers, and content authors. The Foundation and Developing modules are available now. The Designer and Author modules will be available in 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource includes modules that cover accessibility foundations that apply broadly, and modules specific to developing, designing, and content authoring. The Foundation and Developer modules are available now. The Designer and Author modules will be available in 2021.
```

Same as above, to reinforce the idea that these curricula address tasks and activities rather than just roles. Also designer instead of designing I think works better.

Author: +1 to type of tasks and activities, rather than roles

How about:
> ...modules specific to developing, designing, and content authoring.

(Instead of what you have: ... modules specific for development, designning, and content authoring.)

(here and in summary previous -- sorry I read too fast and missed it there.)

Author: I updated this in the pull request, so we can move forward if you agree.

          <li><a href="{{ '/curricula/developer-modules/forms/' | relative_url }}">Forms</a></li>
          <li><a href="{{ '/curricula/developer-modules/custom-widgets/' | relative_url }}">Custom Widgets</a></li>
          <li><a href="{{ '/curricula/developer-modules/rich-applications/' | relative_url }}">Rich Applications</a></li>
        </ul>
      </td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Navigation and Orientation </li>
          <li>Layout and Structure </li>
          <li>Colors, Fonts, and Graphics </li>
          <li>Information Architecture </li>
          <li>Forms, Instructions, and Feedback </li>
          <li>Custom Widgets and Interaction</li>
          <li>&hellip; </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Headings and Structure</li>
          <li>Navigational Cues </li>
          <li>Alternatives for Images, Graphics, and Multimedia </li>
          <li>Document accessibility </li>
          <li>Tables and Data Representation</li>
          <li>Form Instructions and Feedback </li>
          <li>&hellip; </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## How to Use This Resource

> This resource is designed as a framework for instructors to build their own courses; or, for evaluating courses. It provides guidance and encourages customization based on specific situations. It suggests learning outcomes for each module. Yet, it does not prescribe duration, effort, or accreditation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource is designed as a framework for instructors to build their own courses; or, for evaluating courses. It provides guidance and encourages customization based on specific situations. For example, teaching accessibility to computer science students could involve foundation, developer, and designer modules. Assessing the accessibility knowledge of front-end developers could involve foundation and developer modules. This resource suggests learning outcomes for each module. Yet, it does not prescribe duration, effort, or accreditation.
```

I really like the phrase "that apply broadly". This is very nicely put together, but I think these examples would help clarify what it means.

Author: ok.
